fifa world cup
Only then will there be a chance of winning the World Cup.
Europe is not present at the World Cup championship.
And we won this World Cup in 1983.
The numbers, on the occasion of the World Cup in Germany, beggar belief.
Fiji will have a squad there as part of the World Cup.
There are only six more months to the opening of the World Cup.
At the moment the football World Cup is taking place in Germany.
These are questions that must be asked after the World Cup.
Subject: Ticket allocation for the 1998 Football World Cup
Now, that played itself out in the World Cup campaign.
1983 was when we won the World Cup.
Subject: Ticket allocation system for the 1998 World Cup
After the World Cup, to ensure accountability, there needs to be an assessment of the scale of the problem in Germany during the World Cup, as well as an assessment of the measures taken.
With the World Cup taking place in Germany very soon, this is a pressing issue.
I believe he was one of the few working, because of the World Cup excitement.
We realise how enthusiastic you are about preparing to organise the World Cup.
Why did they not support condemnation of forced prostitution during the football World Cup?
There is no other event so spectacular and with such a large audience as the football World Cup.
We also need to know what the full extent of trafficking is at this World Cup.
The World Cup has kicked off, as you may have noticed.
It is therefore clear that we should not confine our deliberations to the World Cup.
Firstly, he said that he supports Germany in the World Cup.
Subject: Ticket allocation system for the 1998 football World Cup
India didn't want to play the T20 World Cup.
But it is the first time that they have trumpeted their tournament as the first billion-dollar World Cup.
But maybe in the spirit of the World Cup, we will have our full 90 minutes.
Subject: European Voluntary Service for Young People and the 1998 World Cup
In addition to this, the volunteers for several weeks helped in the organization of the World Cup Games.
I wish to join with others in this House in congratulating France on their victory in the World Cup.
Brazil wins the FIFA World Cup for the second time, in Chile.
Brazil wins the FIFA World Cup for the third time, in Mexico.
Brazil wins the FIFA World Cup for the fifth time, in Japan and South Korea
FIFA officially announces Brazil as host of the 2014 World Cup 2014.
This is like going to the football World Cup in Korea and saying that you want to watch hockey.
I should like to draw the attention of the Council and the Commission to the World Cup that, in 2006, will take place in Germany.
Now of all times, when the World Cup is on in Japan and South Korea, it should not be forgotten that many footballs are made by children.
Who, for example, had expected the French team to be out of the World Cup so early on?
The outbreak in South Korea is now in the limelight accidentally because that is where the World Cup is being held.
The outbreak in the Republic of Korea coincides with the World Cup when many thousands of Europeans are present to support their football teams.
In view of the fact that Scotland will not be playing in the World Cup, Bertie Vogts should probably be sacked from his job as coach.
The visit to Middlesbrough by the North Korean football team during the 1966 World Cup and their recent return was graphically portrayed in a documentary,.
We also, however, have the World Cup football to look forward to, and that will prove to be another test.
For example, we should think about banning Iran from participating in the football World Cup to be held in Germany.
. – Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the football World Cup is being held in Germany under the slogan, ‘ a time to make friends’.
Obviously, this is not an initiative dedicated solely to the World Cup championship in Germany; it is a necessary initiative in the medium-term.
You have already explained what you intend to do by imposing a visa requirement for the World Cup.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the World Cup in Germany is an opportunity to tackle the issue of the exploitation of human beings.
Now in particular, at a time when the World Cup is being played for, we need to show the red card.
I urge all fans attending the World Cup to be alert to this scandal and to report any suspicions of trafficking that they might have.
In voting for this resolution I am concerned that, in particular, the FIFA World Cup is producing a major and unacceptable increase in the trafficking of women.
Mr President, our country is out of the World Cup, so we can stay here for as long as we wish!
I say this before this House during the football World Cup, minutes after the semi-final between France and Portugal.
That may be appropriate for going to play in the Football World Cup, but it is not the best method for going to a negotiation of this kind.
One of the first decrees to be passed by the Islamic radicals in Mogadishu was an order to close cinemas and halls where the World Cup was to be shown.
I strongly object to the ridiculous challenge issued to South Africa to boycott Zimbabwe at the FIFA World Cup.
With regard to that I would refer to paragraph 8 of the motion for resolution, suggesting excluding Zimbabwe from the 2010 World Cup.
I listened carefully and with great interest to the idea of excluding Zimbabwe from the football World Cup in 2010.
My sport happens to be a minority sport - rugby league football - and in October or November the World Cup will be taking place in the UK and in France.
In this respect, I attach great significance to the World Cup games that are going to be held in Korea and Japan next year.
The Korean people and I will do our utmost to make the 2002 World Cup games the safest games ever.
We will stage the 2002 World Cup successfully as befits one of the greatest festivals for humankind.
My last point is that you appealed to us most sympathetically regarding the World Cup match.
There was a real risk that last year's World Cup would not be freely available in all our countries.
I am talking about Mannheim and the arena for World Cup football that is being built there.
Moreover, the tone of the article cast doubt on the fact that the World Cup has led to an increase in forced prostitution in Germany.
I should like to give you an idea of the list of concrete initiatives in connection with the World Cup championship in Germany.
As some people feared, the likelihood that a large number of young girls will become victims of trafficking during the World Cup is thus confirmed.
Firstly I would like to say that it is not enough to pin the problem only onto the football World Cup and onto Germany.
We have used the World Cup in order to bring a taboo subject to the attention of the public, simply because football is such a big event.
This must be the starting whistle for more projects going beyond the World Cup, not only for sports events, but for all big events in general.
At a time when the players are in the thick of the action at the football World Cup, business is also booming for brothels.
Let this World Cup be remembered as a sporting event that took the decisive steps towards putting an end to the sex slave trade.
Beyond the World Cup, there is a need for a real debate across Europe on tackling the root causes of trafficking for sexual exploitation.
We must make sure that the World Cup is remembered for the right reasons, and not for fostering a slave trade.
During the World Cup in Germany, it is intended that millions of people will be given the feeling that they are the guests of friends.
The same number of women were forcibly transported to Germany from Eastern Europe for the Football World Cup.
Precisely for this reason, as I have already disclosed, we shall organise a workshop immediately after the World Cup.
If I understood Mr Ferber correctly, he said that there are 25 peoples, and he related this to the football World Cup.
The police refused entry into Germany for dozens of football fans who wanted to attend the 2006 football World Cup.
In all, more than 30 billion television viewers are expected to watch the World Cup that has just started.
The grave situation as regards the trafficking of women has been put at the centre of attention in association with the FIFA World Cup.
On the eve of the World Cup I handed over the final list of signatures to the anti-trafficking campaign to Commissioner Frattini.
Commissioner Frattini was asked to report back after the World Cup with an assessment of the scale of the problem and a summary of the actions taken.
They will return home, where discrimination, racism and xenophobia await them after the intermission for the World Cup.
Let us take the examples of the Olympics or the World Cup, which have millions of spectators.
Perhaps she will agree that the imperative is that the lessons learned from that should not have to be relearned during the World Cup next year.
The examples we usually give are the Olympic Games and, in football, the World Cup and the European Championship.
At any rate, no such infringement has so far been confirmed where the distribution of tickets for the football World Cup 1998 is concerned.
I assure you that I have no intention to kick this football in the Chamber but it is an excellent example of a souvenir World Cup football.
This has to be considered somewhat ironic in view of the fact that Nigeria has been given the go-ahead to take part in the World Cup.
It tears a hole in the whole system and allows a number of Nigerians to come to Paris and other places to take part in the World Cup.
I have made my two points concerning the World Cup and the extent of investment in Burma.
Firstly, I think it appropriate to quote you the allocation of World Cup tickets, as established by the organizers.
This man was hoping that, because the World Cup was in Europe, surely to goodness he would be able to go to the first match.
Anybody round here can pick up a ticket for a World Cup match just like that.
(Laughter) And so, India had to go and play the T20 World Cup, you see.
This week, the Commission issued a formal legal decision against the local organisers of last year's football World Cup tournament in France.
This is not the first time that the World Cup organisers have rigged the sales of tickets against the ordinary football fan.
Well, it is quite simply that a World Cup like that is organised by a country, and paid for by the tax-payers of that country. 